RFP Community Proposal: Filecoin Meetup 
Link to RFP: https://github.com/filecoin-project/devgrants/blob/master/rfps/rfp-community-meetups.md

RFP Category: community

Proposer: lilyluoBJ

Event Details Name of Event: Filecoin Meetup

Event City:Tokyo, Japan

Event Venue: TBD

Event Date: Mid of August

Event Time: TBD, we plan to run a half-day event in the weekend.

Event Link: TBD

Expected Attendance: 200

Event Website: TBD

Event Description Please describe in detail what type of event you are planning to host. Please include:

Goal of the event: 
The goal is to build a Filecoin community in Japan to share what‘s going on at Filecoin in global and get inputs from participants on what will the Filecoin ecosystem look like in Japan market. We arm to provide a platform to Filecoin fans in Japan. After the meetup, they will know where to get the latest info, how to get help from local and/or global teams, how to contribute to Filecoin from different perspective.

Whether or not speakers will be invited (and which speakers if you already have the names): 
Yes, we will invite speakers who are well-known in blockchain & cryptocurrency indurstry in Japan

Plans for photography and A/V recording: 
We are going to hire a professional photography to take photoes and videos and put them to website.

Plans for food and drinks: 
We will provide tea, cofee and cookies during breaktime and socialtime.

Plans for marketing and promoting the meetup： 
We will invite 35 Japan medias to the site. Spread the news to 3050 medias in Japan.

Plans for sharing the recordings and post-event information 
We will share the recordings, photos and medias reports. A retrospect report will be provided as well.

Any follow-on events you plan to organize 
We plan to drill down the inputs from the event then organize the follow-on events to cover each sector. For exammple: workshop for technial people, Filecoin business forum in Japan etc 

Value What is the value of this event for the Filecoin ecosystem and community?
1. Create awareness in Japan
2. Build a channel between Japan and global teams
3. Contriute to Filecoin ecosystem from different aspect: technical, minner, business

Request of support What sort of support would you like from us? If it's swag, please describe what sort of merchandise you're looking for and rough quantities if you have them! If it's financial support, please describe how much funding you need and what other sources of funding you have evaluated and received.

1. We would invite 1 or 2 key members from Filecoin to do keynote during the event. Nice to come to Japan.
2. We need finacial support as well

Budget Please describe the high-level budget for this event and how it will be spent across different categories of expense. 
In total, USD15,000. 
Breakdown: 
1. Venue hiring - 5,000 
2. Maerials for event（poster, Pamphlet etc.) - 1,000 
3. Media - 2,000 
4. photography and A/V recording & editing - 1,000 
5. Gifts to participants - 4,000 （200 persons x 20/person）T-shirt with Filecoin logo 
6. Drinks & cookies - 2,000（200 persons x 10/person)

Organizing Team Team Members 
Lily Luo 
Eddy Qu 
... We don’t use linkedin. ... 

Team Website 
https://digitaljournal.jp/

Relevant Experience
We are Digitaljounal based in Tokyo. We have 5+ years expereince of orgnizing blockchain events in Japan. And recently, we have been asked many many times by our subcribtors/partners about Filecoin event plan.

Links to prior events Please provide links to any similar events that your team has organized in the past. 
（sorry all websites are in Japanese) 
https://prtimes.jp/main/html/rd/p/000000001.000039319.html 
https://www.atpress.ne.jp/news/160387 
https://b2b-ch.infomart.co.jp/news/detail.page?IMNEWS5=1062889

Additional Information
